Love is a Fallacy
　Max Shulman
　　 Charles Lamb, as merry and enterprising a fellow as you will meet in a month of Sundays, unfettered the informal essay with his memorable Old China and Dream's Children. There follows an informal essay that ventures even beyond Lamb's frontier, indeed, "informal" may not be quite the right word to describe this essay; "limp" or " flaccid" or possibly "spongy" are perhaps more appropriate.
　　 Vague though its category, it is without doubt an essay. It develops an argument; it cites instances; it reaches a conclusion. Could Carlyle do more? Could Ruskin ?
　　 Read, then, the following essay which undertakes to demonstrate that logic, far from being a dry, pedantic discipline, is a living, breathing thing, full of beauty, passion, and trauma 　Author's Note
　　 Cool was I and logical. Keen, calculating, perspicacious , acute and astute　I was all of these. My brain was as powerful as a dynamo, as precise as a chemist's scales, as penetrating as a scalpel. And　think of it! 　I was only eighteen.
　　 It is not often that one so young has such a giant intellect. Take, for example, Petey Butch, my roommate at the University of Minnesota. Same age, same background, but dumb as an ox. A nice enough young fellow, you understand, but nothing upstairs. Emotional type. Unstable. Impressionable. Worst of all, a faddist. Fads, I submit, are the very negation of reason. To be swept up in every new craze that come, s along, to, surrender y, , , , , , ourself to idiocy just because everybody else is doing it　this, to me, is the acme of mindlessness. Not, however, to Petey.
　　 One afternoon I found Petey lying on his bed with an expression of such distress on his face that I immediately diagnosed appendicitis. "Don't move," I said. "Don't take a laxative. I'll get a doctor."
　　 "Raccoon," he mumbled thickly.
　　 "Raccoon?" I said, pausing in my flight.
　　 "I want a raccoon coat," he wailed.
　　 I perceived that his trouble was not physical, but mental. "Why do you want a raccoon coat?"
　　 "I should have known it," he cried, pounding his temples. "I should have , , , , , known they'd come back when the Charleston came back. Like a fool I spent all my money for textbooks, and now I can't get a raccoon coat."
　　 "Can you mean." I said incredulously, "that people are actually wearing raccoon coats again?"
　　 "All the Big Men on Campus are wearing them. Where've you been?"
　　 "In the library," I said, naming a place not frequented by Big Men on Campus
　　 He leaped from the bed and paced the room, "I've got to have a raccoon coat," he said passionately. "I've got to!"
　　 "Petey, why? Look at it rationally. Raccoon coats are unsanitary. They shed. They smell bad. They weight too much. They're unsightly. They　"
　　 " You don't understand," he interrupted impatiently. "It's the thing to do. Don't you want to be in the swim?"
　　 "No," I said truthfully.
　　 "Well, I do," he declared. "I'd give anything for a raccoon coat. Anything!"
　　 My brain, that precision instrument, slipped into high gear. "Anything?" I asked, looking at him narrowly.
　　 "Anything," he affirmed in ringing tones.
　　 I stroked my chin thoughtfully. It so happened that I knew where to set my hands on a raccoon coat. My father had had one in his undergraduate days; it lay now in a trunk in the attic back home. It also happened that Petey had something I wanted. He didn't have it exactly, but at least he had first rights on it. I refer to his girl, Polly Espy.
　　 I had long coveted Polly Espy. Let me emphasize that my desire for this young woman was not emotional in nature. She was, to be sure, a girl who excited the emotions but I was not one to let my heart rule my head. I wanted Polly for a shrewdly calculated, entirely cerebral reason.
　　 I was a freshman in law school. In a few years I would be out in practice. I was well aware of the importance of the right kind of wife in furthering a lawyer's career. The successful lawyers I had observed were, almost without exception, married to beautiful, gracious, intelligent women. With one omission, Polly fitted these specifications perfectly.
　　 Beautiful she was. She was not yet of pin-up proportions but I felt sure that time would supply the lack She already had the makings.
　　 Gracious she was. By gracious I mean full of graces. She had an erectness of carriage, an ease of bearing, a poise that clearly indicated the best of breeding, At table her manners were exquisite. I had seen her at the Kozy Kampus Korner eating the specialty of the house　a sandwich that contained scraps of pot roast, gravy, chopped nuts, and a dipper of sauerkraut　without even getting her fingers moist.
　　 Intelligent she was not. in fact, she veered in the opposite direction. But I believed that under my guidance she would smarten up. At any rate, it was worth a try. It is, after all, easier to make a beautiful dumb girl smart than to make an ugly smart girl beautiful.
　　 "Petey," I said, "are you in love with Polly Espy?"
　　 "I think she's a keen kid," he replied, "but I don't know if you'd call it love. Why?"
　　 "Do you," I asked, "have any kind of formal arrangement with her? I mean are you going steady or anything like that?"
　　 "No. We see each other quite a bit, but we both have other dates. Why?"
　　 "Is there," I asked, "any other man for whom she has a particular fondness?"
　　 "Not that I know of. Why?"
　　 I nodded with satisfaction. "In other words, if you were out of the picture, the field would be open. Is that right?"
　　 "I guess so. What are you getting at?"
　　 "Nothing, nothing," I said innocently, and took my suitcase out of the closet.
　　 "Where are you going?" asked Petey.
　　 "Home for the weekend." I threw a few things into the bag.
　　 "Listen," he said, clutching my arm eagerly, "while you're home, you couldn't get some money from your old man, could you, and lend it to me so I can buy a raccoon coat?"
　　 "I may do better than that," I said with a mysterious wink and closed my bag and left.
　　 "Look," I said to Petey when I got back Monday morning. I threw open the suitcase and revealed the huge, hairy, gamy object that my father had worn in his Stutz Bearcat in 1925.
　　 " Holy Toledo!" said Petey reverently. He plunged his hands into the raccoon coat and then his face. "Holy Toledo!" he repeated fifteen or twenty times.
　　 "Would you like it?" I asked.
　　 "Oh yes!" he cried, clutching the greasy pelt to him. Then a canny look came into his eyes. "What do you want for it?"
　　 "Your girl," I said, mincing no words.
　　 "Polly?" he said in a horrified whisper. "You want Polly?"
　　 "That's right."
　　 He flung the coat from him. "Never," he said stoutly.
　　 I shrugged. "Okay. If you don't want to be in the swim, I guess it's your business."
　　 I sat down in a chair and pretended to read a book, but out of the corner of my eye I kept watching Petey. He was a torn man. First he looked at the coat with the expression of a waif at a bakery window. Then he turned away and set his jaw resolutely. Then he looked back at the coat, with even more longing in his face. Then he turned away, but with not so much resolution this time. Back and forth his head swiveled, desire waxing, resolution waning . Finally he didn't turn away at all; he just stood and stared with mad lust at the coat.
　　 "It isn't as though I was in love with Polly," he said thickly. "Or going steady or anything like that."
　　 "That's right," I murmured.
　　 "What's Polly to me, or me to Polly?"
　　 "Not a thing," said I.
　　 "It's just been a casual kick 　just a few laughs, that's all."
　　 "Try on the coat," said I.
　　 He complied. The coat bunched high over his ears and dropped all the way down to his shoe tops. He looked like a mound of dead raccoons. "Fits fine," he said happily.
　　 I rose from my chair. "Is it a deal?" I asked, extending my hand.
　　 He swallowed. "It's a deal," he said and shook my hand.
　　 I had my first date with Polly the following evening. This was in the nature of a survey; I wanted to find out just how much work I had to do to get her mind up to the standard I required. I took her first to dinner. "Gee, that was a delish （=delicious） dinner," she said as we left the restaurant. Then I took her to a movie. "Gee, that was a marvy (=marvelous) movie," she said as we left the theater. And then I took her home. "Gee, I had a sensaysh (=sensational) time," she said as she bade me good night.
　　 I went back to my room with a heavy heart. I had gravely underestimated the size of my task. This girl's lack of information was terrifying. Nor would it be enough merely to supply her with information First she had to be taught to think. This loomed as a project of no small dimensions, and at first I was tempted to give her back to Petey. But then I got to thinking about her abundant physical charms and about the way she entered a room and the way she handled a knife and fork, and I decided to make an effort.
　　 I went about it, as in all things, systematically. I gave her a course in logic. It happened that I, as a law student, was taking a course in logic myself, so I had all the facts at my finger tips. "Polly," I said to her when I picked her up on our next date, "tonight we are going over to the Knolland talk."
　　 "0o, terrif (=terrific)," she replied. One thing I will say for this girl: you would go far to find another so agreeable
　　“s
　　 We went to the Knoll, the campus trysting place, and we sat down under an old oak, and she looked at me expectantly. "What are we going to talk about?" she asked.
　　 "Logic."
　　 She thought this over for a minute and decided she liked it. "Magnif (=magnificent)," she said.
　　 "Logic," I said, clearing my throat, "is the science of thinking. Before we can think correctly, we must first learn to recognize the common fallacies of logic. These we will take up tonight."
　　 " Wow-dow!" she cried, clapping her hands delightedly.
　　 I winced, but went bravely on. "First let us examine the fallacy called Dicto Slmpliciter."
　　 "By all means," she urged, batting her lashes eagerly.
　　, "Dicto Simpliciter means an argument based on an unqualifiedgeneralization. For example: Exercise is good. Therefore everybody should exercise."
　　 "1 agree," said Polly earnestly. "1 mean exercise is wonderful. I mean it builds the body and everything."
　　 "Polly," I said gently, "the argument is a fallacy. Exercise is good is an unqualified generalization. For instance, if you have heart disease, exercise is bad, not good. Many people are ordered by their doctors not to exercise. You must qualify the generalization. You must say exercise is usually good, or exercise is good for most people. Otherwise you have committed a Dicto Simplioiter. Do you see?"
　　 "No, " she confessed. "But this is marvy. Do more! Do morel"
　　 "It will be better if you stop tugging at my sleeve," I told her, and when she desisted, I continued: "Next we take up a fallacy called Hasty Generalization. Listen carefully: You can't speak French. I can't speak French. Petey Burch can't speak French. I must therefore conclude that nobody at the University of Minnesota can speak French."
　　 "Really?" said Polly, amazed. "Nobody?"
　　 I hid my exasperation. "Polly, it's a fallacy. The generalization is reached too hastily. There are too few instances to support such a conclusion."
　　 " Know any more fallacies?" she asked breathlessly. "This is more fun than dancing even."
　　 I fought off a wave of despair. I was getting nowhere with this girl absolutely nowhere. Still, I am nothing if not persistent. I continued.
　　 "Next comes Post Hoc. Listen to this: Let's not take Bill on our picnic. Every time we take him out with us, it rains."
　　 "1 know somebody like that," she exclaimed. "A girl back home　Eula Becker, her name is, it never falls. Every single time we take her on a picnic　"
　　 "Polly," I said sharply, "it's a fallacy. Eula Becker doesn't cause the rain. She has no connection with the rain. You are guilty of Post Hoc if you blame Eula Becker."
　　 "I'11 never do that again," she promised contritely."Are you mad at me?"
　　 I sighed deeply. "No, Polly, I'm not mad."
　　 "Then tell me some more fallacies."
　　 "All right. Let's try Contradictory Premises."
　　 "Yes, let's," she chirped, blinking" her eyes happily.
　　 I frowned, but plunged ahead. "Here's an example of Contradictory Premises: If God can do anything, can He make a stone so heavy that He won't be able to lift it?"
　　 "Of course," she replied promptly.
　　 "But if He can do anything, He can lift the stone," I pointed out.
　　 "Yeah," she said thoughtfully. "Well, then I guess He can't make the stone."
　　 "But He can do anything," I reminded her.
　　 She scratched her pretty, empty head. "I'm all cofused," she admitted.
　　 "Of course you are. Because when the premises of an argument contradict each other, there can be no argument. If there is an irresistible force, there can be no immovable object. If there is an immovable object, there can be no irresistible force. Get it?"
　　 "Tell me some more of this keen stuff," she said eagerly.
　　 I cousulted my watch. "1 think we'd better call it a night. I'll take you home now, and you go over all the things you've learned. We'll have another session tomorrow night."
　　 I deposited her at the girls' dormitory, where she assured me that she had had a perfectly terrif evening, and I went glumly to my room. Petey lay snoring in his bed, the raccoon coat huddled like a great hairy beast at his feet. For a moment I considered waking him and telling him that he could have his girl back. It seemed clear that my project was doomed to failure. The girl simply had a logic-proof head.
　　 But then I reconsidered. I had wasted one evening: I might as well waste another. Who knew? Maybe somewhere in the extinct crater of her mind, a few embers still smoldered. Maybe somehow I could fan them into flame. Admittedly it was not a prospect fraught with hope, but I decided to give it one more try.
　　 Seated under the oak the next evening I said, "Our first fallacy tonight is called Ad Misericordiam."
　　 She quivered with delight.
　　 "Listen closely," I said. "A man applies for a job. When the boss asks him what his qualifications are, he replies that he has a wife and six children at home, the wife is a helpless cripple, the children have nothing to eat, no clothes to wear, no shoes on their feet, there are no beds in the house, no coal in the cellar, and winter is coming."
　　 A tear rolled down each of Polly's pink cheeks. "Oh, this is awful, awful," she sobbed.
　　 "Yes, it's awful," I agreed, "but it's no argument. The man never answered the boss's questions about his qualifications. Instead he appealed to the boss's sympathy. He committed the fallacy of Ad Misericordiam. Do you understand?"
　　 "Have you got a handkerchief?" she blubbered.
　　 I handed her a handkerchief and tried to keep from screaming while she wiped her eyes. "Next," I said in a carefully controlled tone, "we will discuss False Analogy. Here is an example: Students should be allowed to look at their textbooks during examinations. After all, surgeons have X-rays to guide them during an operation, lawyers have briefs to guide them during a trial, carpenters have blueprints to guide them when they are building a house. Why, then, shouldn't students be allowed to look at their textbooks during an examination?"
　　 "There now," she said enthusiastically, "is the most marvy idea I've heard in years."
　　 "Polly," I said testily, "the argument is all wrong. Doctors, lawyers, and carpenters aren't taking a test to see how much they have learned, but students are. The situations are altogether different, and you can't make an analogy between them."
　　 "1 still think it's a good idea," said Polly.
　　 "Nuts," I muttered. Doggedly I pressed on. "Next we'll try HypothesisContrary to Fact."
　　 "Sounds yummy," was Polly's reaction.
　　 "Listen: If Madame Curie had not happened to leave a photographic plate in a drawer with a chunk of pitchblende (n.沥青油矿), the world today would not know about radium ."
　　 "True, true," said Polly, nodding her head. "Did you see the movie? Oh, it just knocked me out. That Walter Pidgeon is so dreamy. I mean he fractures me."
　　 "If you can forget Mr. Pidgeon for a moment," I said coldly, "I would like to point out that the statement is a fallacy. Maybe Madame Curie would have discovered radium at some later date. Maybe somebody else would have discovered it. Maybe any number of things would have happened. You can't start with a hypothesis that is not true and then draw any supportable conclusions from it."
　　 "They ought to put Walter Pidgeon in more pictures," said Polly. "I hardly ever see him any more.
　　 One more chance, I decided. But just one more. There is a limit to what flesh and blood can bear. "The next fallacy is called Poisoning the Well."
　　 "How cute!" she gurgled.
　　 "Two men are having a debate. The first one gets up and says, ‘My opponent is a notorious liar. You can't believe a word that he is going to say. '... Now, Polly, think. Think hard. What's wrong?"
　　 I watched her closely as she knit her creamy brow in concentration. Suddenly, a g1immer of intelligence—the first I had seen　came into her eyes. "It's not fair," she said with indignation. "It's not a bit fair. What chance has the second man got if the first man calls him a liar before he even begins talking?"
　　 "Right!" I cried exultantly. "One hundred percent right. It's not fair. The first man has poisoned the well before anybody could drink from it. He has hamstrung his opponent before he could even start. … Polly, I’m proud of you."
　　 " Pshaw" she murmured, blushing with pleasure.
　　 "You see, my dear, these things aren't so hard All you have to do is concentrate. Think　examine—evaluate. Come now, let's review everything we have learned.”
　　 "Fire away," she said with an airy wave of her hand.
　　 Heartened by the knowledge that Polly was not altogether a cretin , I began a long, patient review of all I had told her. Over and over and over again I cited instances pointed out flaws, kept hammering away without let-up. It was like digging a tunnel. At first everything was work, sweat, and darkness. I had no idea when I would reach the light, or even if I would. But I persisted. I pounded and clawed and scraped, and finally I was rewarded. I saw a chink of light. And then the chink got bigger and the sun came pouring in and all was bright.
　　 Five grueling nights this took, but it was worth it. I had made a logician out of Polly; I had taught her to think. My job was done. She was worthy of me at last. She was a fit wife for me, a proper hostess for my many mansions, a suitable mother for my well-heeled children.
　　 It must not be thought that I was without love for this girl. Quite the contrary, Just as Pygmalion loved the perfect woman he had fashioned, so I loved mine. I determined to acquaint her with my feeling at our very next meeting. The time had come to change our relationship from academic to romantic.
　　 "Polly," I said when next we sat beneath our oak, "tonight we will not discuss fallacies."
　　 "Aw, gee," she said, disappointed.
　　 "My dear," I said, favoring her with a smile, “we have now spent five evenings together. We have gotten along splendidly. It is clear that we are well matched.”
　　 “Hasty Generalization,” said Polly brightly.
　　 “I beg your pardon,” said I.
　　 “Hasty Generalization,” she repeated. “How can you say that we are well matched on the basis of only five dates?”
　　 I chuckled with amusement. The dear child had learned her lessons well. "My dear," I Said, Patting her hand in a tolerant manner, "five dates is plenty. After all, you don't have to eat a whole cake to know it's good."
　　 "False Analogy”, said Polly promptly. "I'm not a cake. I'm a girl.”
　　 I chuckled with somewhat less amusement. The dear child had learned her lessons perhaps too well. I decided to change tactics. Obviously the best approach was a simple, strong, direct declaration of love. I paused for a moment while my massive brain chose the proper words. Then I began:
　　 "Polly, I love you. You are the whole world to me, and the moon and the stars and the constellations of outer space. Please, my darling, say that you will go steady with me, for if you will not, life will be meaningless. I will languish (vi.憔悴). I will refuse my meals. I will wander the face of the earth, a shambling (摇摇晃晃地走), hollow-eyed hulk." shambling
　　 There, I thought, folding my arms, that ought to do it.
　　 "Ad Misericordiam,” Said Polly.
　　 I ground my teeth. I was not Pygmalion; I was Frankenstein, and my monster had me by the throat. Frantically I fought back the tide of panic surging through me. At all costs I had to keep cool.
　　 "Well, Polly," I said, forcing a smile, "you certainly have learned your fallacies."
　　 "You’re darn right," she said with a vigorous nod.
　　 "And who taught them to you, Polly?"
　　 "You did."
　　 "That's right. So you do owe me something, don't you, my dear? If I hadn't come along you never would have learned about fallacies."
　　 "Hypothesis Contrary to Fact," she said instantly.
　　 I dashed perspiration from my brow. "Polly," I croaked, "you mustn't take all these things so literally. I mean this is just classroom stuff. You know that the things you learn in school don't have anything to do with life."
　　 "Dicto Simpliciter," she said, wagging her finger at me playfully.
　　 That did it. I leaped to my feet, bellowing like a bull. "Will you or will you not go steady with me?"
　　 "I will not," she replied.
　　 "Why not?" I demanded.
　　 "Because this afternoon I promised Petey Burch that I would go steady with him."
　　 I reeled back, overcome with the infamy of it. After he promised, after he made a deal, after he shook my hand! " The rat! I shrieked, kicking up great chunks of turf . "You can't go with him, Polly. He's a liar. He's a cheat. He's a rat."
　　 "Poisoning the Well," said Polly, "and stop shouting. I think shouting must be a fallacy too."
　　 With an immense effort of will, I modulated my voice. "All right," I said. "You're a logician. Let's look at this thing logically. How could you choose Petey Burch over me? Look at me　a brilliant student, a tremendous intellectual, a man with an assured future. Look at Petey　a knothead, a jitterbug, a guy who'll never know where his next meal is coming from. Can you give me one logical reason why you should go stead with Petey Burch?"
　　 "I certainly can," declared Polly. "He's got a raccoon coat.”
　　(from Rhetoric in a Modern Modeby James K. Bell and Adrian A. Cohn)
词汇(Vocabulary)
　　fallacy (n.) : a false or mistaken idea，opinion，etc.；error谬论，谬见；错误
　　enterprising (adj.) :full of energy and initiative；willing to undertake new projects有进取心的；充满首创精神的；有胆量的

　　unfetter (v.) : free from fetters；free from restraint of any kind；liberate除掉…的脚镣；解放；使获得自由
　　limp (adj.) :1acking or having lost stiffness；flaccid；drooping，wilted柔软的
　　flaccid (adj.) : hanging in loose folds or wrinkles：soft and limp；flabby不结实的；松驰的；松软的
　　spongy (adj.) :of or like a sponge；soft and porous海绵(状)的；柔软有弹性的
　　pedantic (adj.) : of or like a pedant迂腐的，书呆子气的
　　trauma (n.) :a painful emotional experience，or shock．often producing a lasting psychic effect and sometimes a neurosis(精神)心灵创伤
　　calculating (adj.) : shrewd or cunning. esp. in a selfish way；scheming精明的；(尤指)专为自己打算的；有算计的
　　perspicacious (adj.) :having keen judgement or understanding；acutely perceptive聪颖的；敏锐的
　　astute (adj.) : having or showing a clever or shrewd mind：cunning；crafty；wily 聪明的，敏锐的；精明的；狡猾的
　　dynamo (n.) :generator发动机
　　scale (n.) : either of the shallow dishes or pans of a balance秤盘；天平盘
　　penetrating (adj.) :sharp；piercing锐利的
　　scalpel (n.) : a small，light，straight knife with a very sharp blade，used by surgeons and m anatomical dissections解剖刀，手术刀
　　faddist (n.) :a person who follows fads赶时髦的人
　　fad (n.) : a custom，style，etc．that many people are interested in for a short time；passing fashion；craze一度时髦的风尚，风行一时的东西；一时的狂热
　　craze (n.) :something that is currently the fashion；fad一时的风尚；风行一时的东西；时髦
　　acme (n.) : the highest point；point of culmination顶点，极点
　　appendicitis (n.) :inflammation of the vermiform appendix阑尾炎
　　laxative (n.) : any laxative medicine；mild cathartic轻泻药；通便剂
　　raccoon (n.) :a small，tree-climbing, chiefly flesh-eating mammal浣熊
　　mumble (v.) : speak or say indistinctly and in a low voice；mutter喃喃地说；含糊地说
　　temple (n.) :either of the flat surfaces alongside the forehead，in front of each ear太阳穴，鬓角
　　incredulous (adj.) : unwilling or unable to believe; doubting；skeptical不相信的；怀疑的
　　unsanitary (adj.) :not clean；harmful to health不卫生的；对健康有害的
　　shed (v.) : shed a natural growth or covering，as hair(毛发等)脱落
　　unsightly (adj.) :not sightly；not pleasant to look at；ugly不美观的；难看的；丑陋的
　　swim (n.) : current fashion潮流，时髦／砌the swim conforming to the current fashion赶时髦
　　gear (n.) :a specific adjustment 0f a toothed wheel(汽车等的)排挡
　　narrowly (adv.) : closely；carefully；thoroughly仔细地；严密地
　　attic (n.) :the room or space just below the roof of a house； garret顶楼，阁楼
　　covet (v.) : want ardently；long for with envy垂涎；觊觎
　　cerebral (adj.) :appealing to the intellect rather than the emotions；intellectural理智的；凭理智行事的
　　pin-up (adj.[colloq．]) : designating a girl whose sexual attractiveness makes her a subject for the kind of pictures often pinned up on walls[口](女子)其照片可供倾慕者钉在墙上的
　　proportions (n.) :1ines；shape of the body线条；身材
　　making (n．[often in p1．]) : the material or qualities needed for the making or development of something[常用复]素质；内在因素
　　carriage (n.) :conduct；behaviour；posture行为；举止；姿态
　　bearing (n.) : way of carrying and conducting oneself：carriage；manner举止，风度，姿态
　　breeding (n.) :good upbringing or training良好的教养(或培养)
　　exquisite (adj.) : very beautiful or lovely，esp．in a delicate or carefully wrought way优美的，高雅的，精致的
　　specialty (n.) :an article characterized by special features，superior quality，novelty, etc．特产；特制品
　　gravy (adj.) : the juice given off by meat in cooking肉汁，调味汁
　　dipper (n.) :a long-handled cup or similar container for dipping长柄杯或类似容器
　　sauerkraut (n.) :chopped cabbage fermented in a brine of its own juice with salt泡菜
　　veer (v.) :change direction：shift；turn or swing around改变方向；转向；变向
　　gamy (adj.) :having a strong，tangy flavor like that of cooked game；strong in smell有猎物气味的；气味强烈的
　　Holy Toledo adj.[colloq.]) :excellent[口]好极了
　　reverent (adj.) :feeling。showing，or characterized by reverence恭敬的；虔诚的
　　greasy (adj.) :smeared with or containing grease涂(或含)有油脂的；油污的
　　pelt (n.) :the skin of a fur-bearing animal，esp. after it has been stripped from the carcass毛皮；生皮
　　canny (adj.) :careful and shrewd in one's actions and dealings；clever and cautious谨慎的；机警的；精明的
　　waif (n.) :a person without home or friends，esp．a homeless child流浪汉；无家可归者；(尤指)流浪儿
　　swivel (v.) :turn on旋转
　　wax (v.) :grow gradually larger；increase in strength，lntensity，volume．ere．渐渐变大；增加
　　wane (v.) :become．1ess intense，strong，bright，etc．变弱；减少
　　kick (n.[colloq.]) :pleasure高兴，兴奋
　　loom (v.) :appear，or come in sight indistinctly隐约出现
　　dimension (n.) :extent，size，or degree}scope体积，容积，面积；范围，规模；方面
　　tryst (n.) :an appointment to meet at a specified time and place，esp。one made secretly by lovers约会；幽会
　　wince (v.) :shrink or draw back slightly，usually with a grimace．as in pain，embarassment, etc．(因疼痛、窘迫等)畏缩；退缩
　　tug (v.) :pull hard；drag；haul用力拉，拖，拖曳
　　desist (v.) :cease；stop；abstain停止
　　contrite (adj.) :feeling deep sorrow or remorse for having sinned or done wrong；penitent懊悔的；忏悔的
　　premise (n.) :a previous statement or assertion that serves as the basis for an argument(尤指逻辑)前提
　　chirp (v.) :speak in a lively，shrill way嘁嘁喳喳地说
　　deposit (v.) :put，lay or set down放下，搁下
　　glum (adj.) :feeling or looking gloomy，sullen忧郁的，闷闷不乐的
　　ember (n.[usu．in p1.]) :the smoldering remains of a fire[常用复]余烬,余火
　　smolder (v.) :burn and smoke without flame；be consumed by slow combustion闷烧；熏烧
　　fraught (adj.) :filled，charged，or loaded充满…的；蕴含…的
　　-blubber (v.) :weep loudly, like a child(小孩般)大声哭
　　analogy (n.) :an explaining of something by comparing it point by point with something similar类比
　　brief (n.) :a concise statement of the main points of a law case，usually filed by counsel for the information of the court诉讼摘要；辩护状
　　blueprint (n.) :a photographic reproduction in white on a blue background，as of architectural or engineering plans(建筑或工程设计用的)蓝图
　　hypothesis (n.) :an unproved theory，proposition，supposition，etc．tentatively accepted to explain certain facts or to provide a basis for further investigation，argument，etc．假设；前提
　　yummy (adj.) :[echoic of a sound made in expressing pleasure at a taste][colloq．]very tasty；delectable；delicious[表示享受美味的象声词][口]美味的，可口的
　　chunk (n.) :a short，thick piece，as of meat，wood，etc．一厚块(肉、木头等)
　　pitchblende (n.) :a brown to black lustrous mineral，the massive variety of uraninite沥青铀矿
　　fracture (v.[Am．slang]) :cause to react with enthusiasm[美俚]使着迷
　　gurgle (v.) :make a bubbling sound in the throat，as a contented baby does(婴儿高兴时)发咯咯声
　　notorious (adj.) :widely but unfavorably known or talked about声名狼藉的，臭名昭著的
　　indignation (n.) :anger or scorn resulting from injustice, ingratitude, or meanness; righteous anger愤慨，义愤
　　exultant (v.) :exulting；triumphant；jubilant狂欢的；欣喜的；兴高采烈的
　　hamstring (v.) :disable by cutting a hamstring；lessen or destroy the power or effectiveness of割断…的腿腱以使残废；削弱(或破坏)…的力量(或功能)
　　cretin (n.) :a person suffering from cretinism；a stupid person愚侏病者；白痴，傻瓜
　　let-up (v.) :a slackening or lessening。as of effort；a stop or pause放松(努力)；中止，休止
　　chink (n.) :a narrow opening；crack；fissure；slit缝隙；裂口
　　grueling (adj.) :extremely tiring；exhausting折磨人的；使人筋疲力竭的
　　well-heeled (adj.) :[slang]rich；prosperous[俚]有钱的，富有的
　　fashion (v.) :shape；mold塑造；做成
　　constellation (n.) :the part of the heavens occupied by a number of fixed stars星座；星宿
　　languish (v.) :lose vigor and vitality；become weak变得萎靡不振；倦怠
　　hollow-eyed (adj.) :having deep-set eyes or dark areas under the eyes，as from sickness or fatigue(由于生病或疲倦)眼窝凹陷的，有黑眼圈的
　　hulk (n.) :an abandoned wreck or shell废船
　　surge (v.) :have a heavy，violent swelling motion；move in or as in a surge汹涌澎湃
　　perspiration (n.) :sweat汗
　　wag (v.) :cause something to move rapidly and repeatedly back and forth，from side to side，or up and down摇摆。摇动
　　bellow (v.) :cry out loudly, as in anger or pare。(由于愤怒或疼痛)大声叫
　　reel (v.) :give way or fall back；sway，waver, or stagger as from being struck倒退，退缩；站立不稳
　　infamy (n.) : very bad reputation; notoriety; disgrace; dishonor臭名昭著；丢脸，耻辱；不名誉
　　turf (n.) :a surface layer of earth containing grass plants with their matted roots；sod草皮；草地
　　modulate (v.) :vary the pitch, intensity, etc.(of the voice), to a lower degree 使（声音）转调，是声音变低
　　knot-head (n.[slang]) :a foolish，stupid person笨蛋，痂汉
　　jitterbug (n.) :a dance for couples；esp. in the early 1940's，involving fast，acrobatic movements to swing music'[fig]an emotionally unstable person(尤指20世纪40年代的)吉特巴舞；[喻]变化无常的人
　　短语 (Expressions)
　　nothing upstairs :   (Am．slang)empty-headed；a nitwit没头脑的，愚笨的
　　in the swinl :   conforming to the current fashion赶时髦
　　例： She is always involved in the swim．她总是追求时髦。
　　get one's hands on :   to obtain sth．得到，获得
　　例： They all want to get their hands on my money．他们都觊觎我的钱。
　　go steady :   to date someone of the opposite sex regularly and exclu-sively．be sweethearts约会，成为关系确定的情侣
　　例： When did you go steady with her?你和她是什么时候确定恋爱关系的?
　　out of the picture :   not considered as involved in a situation不相干的，不合适的
　　例： "Is Pam still with Eric?""No，he's out of the picture.""帕姆还在跟埃里克在一起吗?""没有，他们已经互不相干了。"
　　get at :   seem to be saying sth．that other people d0 not completely un-derstand暗示
　　例： What exactly are you getting at?你到底在暗示什么?
　　have…at one's finger tips :   to be completely familiar with；精通
　　例： We have all the facts and figures at our fingers．我们已经掌握了所有的事实和数字。
　　go far :   to accomplish much：achieve much success 成功，大有前途
　　例： Ginny's a smart girl．and I'm sure she'u go far．吉尼是个聪明的姑娘，我相信她会成功的。
　　knock out :   to elicit enthusiasm or an emotional response，esp．deep sympathy or laughter使高兴，使情绪激动
　　例： The music was just brilliant it really knocked me out．这音乐太美妙了　它真让我激动。
　　fire away :   begin;start;esp.to talk or ask questions 开始谈话或提问
　　例： "I have some question.""Fire away.""我有问题。""请问。"
　　hammer away(at) :   t0 keep emphasizing or talking about一再强调
　　例： He kept hammering away at his demand for a public inquiry．他一再强调需要进行公众调查。
　　month of Sundays :   (colloq．)long time很久，很长的时间
